Prepare for 21.2.0 release (#338)
twisted/pydoctor: README.rst

What's New?
~~~~~~~~~~~

pydoctor 20.13.0
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Removed the ``--html-write-function-pages`` option. As a replacement, you can use the generated Intersphinx inventory (objects.inv) for deep-linking your documentation.

> * The ``build_apidocs`` Sphinx extension builds the API docs early, such that the rest of the documentation can link to it via Intersphinx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``build_apidocs`` Sphinx extension builds the API docs before Sphinx docs, such that the rest of the documentation can link to it via Intersphinx.
* The ``build_apidocs`` Sphinx extension now has the `pydoctor_url_path` that will automatically update the `intersphinx_mapping` variable so that it uses the latest API inventory.
```
